 ## Meetings

###2022-04-17 at 19:00
- Everyone attended the meeting (online)
- Bhagyesh
	a) Added some use cases, and functional/non-functional requirements
	b) Will create a basic html/css template 
- Winson
	a) Wrote majority of use-cases, and did some functional/non-functional requirements
	b) Implementing the login/logout page
- Tejas
	a) Updated meetings.md as well as readme.md file, also helped decide requirements.md
	b) Working on add/remove from cart function
- Planned out the entirety of the project, meeting times, and individual tasks.

###2022-04-24 at 19:00
- Everyone attended the meeting (online)
- Bhagyesh
	a) Started the project planner (gantt file), worked on initial structure of project, and made a html template
	b) Will start working on login/logout page
- Winson
	a) Started database
	b) Will work on create new account/delete account
- Tejas
	a) Started user profile code
	b) Will work on add to cart/remove from cart
- Using a gantt chart, we made and planned a schedule for the progress of each functional requirement. We assigned each
	team member functional requirements to do for the following week and predict how long it'll take to complete the functional requirements.

###2022-04-26 at 15:00
- Everyone attened the meeting (in-person)
- Bhagyesh
	a) Added html files for our website.
	b) Will work on login/logout and use bootstrap in html files.
- Winson
	a) Started wokring on registration forms and adding to databases.
	b) Will work on finishing registration.
-Tejas
	a) Added html for user profile.
	b) Will work on adding items to cart.
- There were bugs/issues with our website that we dicussed and fixed. Then, we explained to each other about what we did for our
	functional requirements. The remaining time we had, we worked on finishing our requirements.

###2022-04-29 at 16:00
- Everyone attended the meeting (online)
- Bhagyesh
	a) Optimizing, adding, and editting most files.
	b) Continue working on login, while also adding additional things to other files.
- Winson
	a) Finished with registration form.
	b) Will work on mkdocs and monitoring meetings.md and readme.md
- Tejas
	a) Finished user profile and setting up navbar.
	b) Will work on adding and deleting from the cart.
- In the meeting, we went over our gantt's chart and talked about what we have and what we should work on next. In addition, we discussed how
	how we're going to approach this project. Instead of strictly following our gantt's chart, we agreed on working at our own paces. This includes
	working on other files, not asiggned. After discussion, we made sure there were no curernt bugs/errors.

###we have decided to meet in class every tuesday/thursday, along with extra meetings at home over the weekends




### 2022-04-29 at 10:30
- Who attended the meeting
- Team updates (15min or less)
  <Each team member gives an update of what they did from the last meeting and what they plan to do next. If they are stuck, bring it up here to see if others can help.>
  - <name> worked on X. Will work on Y next. 

- pair-programming (optional) (25 mins)
  <- Pair program on one part of the project. Driver will be the person responsible for that requirement.>

- Summarize group progress
